Overview of changes (current and potential) since original validation (#78)
steno-aarhus/osdc: vignettes/changes-since-original.Rmd

---
title: "Changes to algorithm since original validation"
output: rmarkdown::html_vignette
bibliography: references.bib
csl: vancouver.csl
vignette: >
  %\VignetteIndexEntry{Rationale}
  %\VignetteEngine{knitr::rmarkdown}
  %\VignetteEncoding{UTF-8}
---

## Changes since original validation

1.  Purchases of semaglutid, dapagliflozin or empagliflozin are no
    longer used, neither for inclusion events nor classification of
    diabetes type (due to increasing use in treatment of non-diabetes).
2.  Diabetes type reclassification based on insulin purchases in the
    previous year is no longer used.

## Future potential changes

1.  Add support for using medical birth register to define pregnancies
    to censor GDM. Allows censoring GLD purchases all the way back to
    1995 (rather than 1997 onward, as the obstetric codes are limited

>     to), and extends the window of valid dates of diagnosis to 1996

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    to), and enable the extension of the window of valid dates of diagnosis to 1996
```
